do not pay 7 o'clock in the morning until 24
afternoon hours
I want to train and the key 5 there is a 15 4
per day
in the range of 1 112
105 since I do not have this as wrong
work in this area is
mineral ice cream or the real wagon looks at the water
folks
it became the culture of this sale of
subway
I think it's only small that always with this
group selling to myself if not
have this group selling the trip is without
grace
I do not agree because it's there it 's a
place people should travel
in countries without being bothered and it is very
noise us up to four vendors in
hallways in my neighborhood do not want to pass
It's just like he always does.
You gave a kiss and 12 to 13 years to me.
pays up because I'm doing
nothing wrong just working
there it depends on what survives to
support my family
You get to sell in school with
than the new goal because people know that
It's forbidden to sell is work, but it 's
registration of attacks is prohibited so that
people could work organized with the
farda zinho
at least he was everything because our
own work here registered in that
but did not let work and dry
the 45 hours 120 to 130 reais plus or
less average depending on even more
work for the goalkeeper had since not
They have jobs in the UN Jamak his role not
was published day to support their children
Your family will be fine if they
participate in the cleaning needs a lot
fully meets the
mobility
I already am nothing